In this lecture, we will get started with the customer base.
So, for example, we want to get started and it is very immolate equal to this one, OK?
John at Gmail dot com.
So what do we do with this equality under the table name?
Using the very close our column name is email right and value is John at Gmail dot com right?
And integrity, and we got the strong details.
Now we want to have the same thing with that is debate.
So we want to have one by using which our consumers can get to spend.
It is using the email I.D. OK.
They can pass the email I.D. as very parameter in the guidebook.
So this is what we want to achieve.
So let's go to his ideas.
And this is the entity glass of student employed student Adela.
And here we have email filled.
That is my the email column.
Now let's go to the repository for it.
And that is student repository.
Now here, we need to use the find my methods, which are provided by GP.
OK, so here does type fine by and just press control plus space.
It will give you some suggestions.
Find by email.
Find by first name.
Point by IED.
Find by last name.
OK, so select this one.
Find by email.
See, these are the automatic suggestions provided by your ID here.
We are using SD as OK.
You might be using the intelligencia, so if it is not showing you the automatic citizens, then try
to change the ID.
Or maybe different words than, OK.
Let me show you.
I'm using this word as DIA's for Dot.
And this is working fine for me, OK, without installing any plug in or without any configuration.
OK?
This automatic suggestions are being fine with me with ideas for Dot 8.0.
OK, now let's come to this one.
So here, right my email address, if you get it, then we will get the ones to it is, let's say we
have those kind of configuration.
OK, so we can change this to only one object, OK?
That is basically one recorder from this one table so that we will get us one object onboard A.D. Glass
and let's so this method is public.
See, this depends OK on your data structure, what you have in your database, if it is possible.
So, for example, you are finding by first name, then obviously you need least obsidian because it
may be possible that you can have multiple problems with the same first name.
Then you can go for list least student.
OK, so it all depends what you have in your database.
Here we are assuming that email ID is unique for every student, and that is obvious.
OK, so now this is our GDP.
Yes, we don't need to do anything.
Spring guitarist will expose this method as GDP.
Let's test it out.
I don't know what spring would application jump to postmen.
OK.
This is our student EPA, right?
Let me read more this yes, OK.
Using this, we are getting those student details, right?
According to the paid sites, now after this, OK, that you are less certain than our method this one.
Find my copy.
This one exactly the same one.
OK, don't make any mistake.
And then less, not less, but very parameter.
OK?
This one e-mail so this we need to pass.
Like this one, OK?
John at Gmail dot com.
So this is our goodbye.
And for that, we have one input, right, email.
So this value we need to pass is very parameter and this is exactly same as this method parameter,
OK?
Don't make any mistake called API.
See, we got the story and it is where it equal to 18 compared with this one, OK?
We are just getting one record.
18 joins Mitzie.
And this is hideous.
We have already seen date using this, we can get the department and subject table details for that
particular student, right?
That's what we got.
So for example, this one, all this one.
See, this is the department, OK, to which it is belonging or which subjects the student is learning,
called labor.
These are the subjects using the hideous your consumer again, how to sell navigation.
And this is the oldest in right?
So this is our custom EPA find by email and how we achieve this one.
Using the GP, right, by writing this matter.
Find by email.
In the same way, we can have another debate as well, OK, let's hear.
Find by and then first name.
OK, this one, let's say, at least top student, OK, so it is possible there are multiple students
with the same first name.
See if this automatic suggestion is not working.
OK, then you don't need to worry about it.
You just need to type, find bite and then you're feeling, OK.
Here it is.
Email, but make sure it is in the camel case all you need to make the uppercase OK, what here?
See, this one is our field, right?
So make this in the upper keys.
Find my email and this is your input.
OK?
To get the record from the database, let's sell this public.
OK, that's it wrong.
I was putting what application?
Let me copy this meter jump to sportsmen.
Here we need to pass.
Very parameter.
OK.
Copy this method parameter the same, we need to possess Griddy parameter, what here?
Simple example, John called API.
See, we got those it's OK.
Let's try another one with the Peter.
It's equal to two, Peter.
OK.
Let me read more this is equal to two bitter see this one.
This is what we are getting what here.
There are other methods as well, OK?
You can explore yourself.
So this is how you can help the custom EPA using the Find Buy method, which is provided by GP.
So that's all for now, and we'll proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.